Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

In today's world, it is more important to work quickly and risk mistakes than to work slowly and make sure that everything is correct.

People are growingly concerned about the efficiency in the work when the technology is improved to make everything become more convenient for everyone. They hold that it is more crucial to work quickly and risk mistakes than to work slowly and make sure that things are correct. From my perspective, I disagree with that statement, supporting that to work quickly and risk mistakes and to work slowly and make sure that everything is right are both important, should be considered in different properties of work.

To work quickly and risk mistakes is important in making some manufactures.
As we know, the reason why we can step into the brand-new society is that we ever experienced the industry revolution which emphasize the efficiency and speed in the things making process regardless of the quality because even some products is made inferior. In reality, the manufacturing industry will employ the people who can work quickly even if they will make mistakes during the worktime. Only in this way, these companies can make profits and have a living in the extremely severe competing. However, in the other aspects of work, the require is different for the employees.

Meanwhile, to work slowly and make sure that everything is correcet is also significant in some work, where efficiency should not be emphasized too much. A doctor should have an operation carefully to make sure there is zero-mistake during this process, a programmer should code his project slowly and patiently to have a correct and functional product, a astronaut should finish his tasks unhurriedly to enable the assignment accomplished perfectly. Therefore, there are some important workings which still need more patience and carefulness to ensure there is not any accidents.

To put it in a nutshell, even though sometimes efficiency should be considered in the working, the correctness should not be omitted. That is to say, to work quickly and risk mistakes and to work slowly and make sure that everything is correct is both crucial, just in different fields of work.


336  21.28- 22.03

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It's better to complete a project and then start another one than to do several things at the same time.


Summary
