Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Watching movies or reading books is a better way to relax than doing physical exercises.

Attitude:  Yes/ Agree
Structure: 让反反

1. 锻炼身体放松.
2. 会有受伤的风险, 不适合每个人, 锻炼完后很感觉更累而不是放松.
3. 读书轻松自然, 从紧张中解脱出来.

With the increasing living standards of common people, more and more people have various ways to relax after long working hours. Watching moives maybe the major priority or reading books is also helpful to relaxation, and doing physical exercises is another way to vent their emotions then they can be energetic again to face new challenges. As far as I'm concerned, watching movies or reading books is a better way to relax than doing exercises.

There is no doubt that doing exercises can make people get rid of the terrible spirits and feel relaxed again whether from the perspective of scientific research or our life experiences. Doing physical exercises means you need to stretch your own bodies, which obviously can relieve your fatigue after a long period of tension. Breathing fresh air and jogging on the playground can temporarily let you forget what happened just now. Just focus on the present and look at the distance, you will enjoy this moment and relax yourself.

However, doing physical exercises is limited to some people and there will be a risk of injury. Not everyone have the opportunity to reach the wide playground to relax themselves when they are working in the office building. Maybe they just have several minutes to relax after that their boss will discuss something with them, maybe the weather is not suitable for them to jog outdoors, maybe they already feel so tried that they bodies can't support them to have other physical exercises. Even worses, they are facing the risk of injury when having phisical exercises, which will be a nightmare for their work and life.

Furthermore, watching moives or reading books is relaxed and natural, doesn't need special places and extra steps, just a laptop or book is enough. Compared with the dangerous physical exercise sometimes, watching movies before a computer or reading books on the desk is the better way for everyone. Besides that, when someone wants to have a realxation, what he needs mostly in fact is peace in his heart, in this situation, he just need to read books or watch movies to distract his attention and gradually he will forget trivial matters leading the terrible moods. It goes without saying, after reading or watching, he will look like brand-new self.

To put it in a nutshell, doing physical exercises can help relax people, however reading books or watching movies not only is suitable to everyone, also has more effects on relaxation for people.

Words: 412
