Should the government support artists or should artists support themselves?

Attitude: government support.

Structure : 让反反

不能直接创造经济价值,亏本买卖  让步
但政府又不能坐视不管,因为很少有作家赚钱,却提供消遣  反驳
即 随着生活水平的提高,艺术的欣赏变得更为重要,

甚至可以成为国家甚至民族的符号,文化输出  反驳

Art, as a not popular domain, which is always a way to entertain for the minority. From the ancient times to the present, only the rich have the opportunities to enjoy and play art. Therefore, there comes a debate about whether the government should support artist or just the artists support themselves. In my opinion, it is necessary for the government to support artists.

Admittedly, art itself couldnot create the direct profit for the whole society, so maybe it is a good idea for the government not to support. As we all know, when someone choose the art as his major, we generally will be astounded about his choice, just because it is difficult for someone working on art to make a living by himself. If some people want to be engaged in the field of art, they should be prepared for the situation where they can't make money in the future. Only with the greatest passion and interest on art or enough support from externality for them, can they devoted to the art. Consequently, being engaged in the art is tremendously arduous, rather than to be artists.

However, artists provide the public a way to relax and entertain, for the wealthfare of the whole society, the government should indeed support to foster artists. As we written above, to be an artists needs not only personal efforts but the external support. Someone has to be stubborned and determined enough to face the chanllenges on the road of learning art in the future. It is obvious that if the government doesnot provide the support to foster the young artists, there will be less and less artists gradually, which will be harmful for the public and the national culture.

Furthermore, supporting artists by government can increase the influence of national culture on other countries. A vivid example is the cultural output of the UK and USA, whose movies, sports games, lifestyle and other forms of culture are still changing the whole world. With the increasing living standards of common people, the demand for the art as a kind of national culture are growingly increased. The consumption related to the art will be improved and the govenment can make the profit from the selling to make up for the initial investment in the support, more importantly, the country can increase their cultural influence if their artists are famous enough, whose values cannot be measurable.

To put it in a nutshell, for the long term interests, the govenment should provide the support for the artists. Fostering more young artists can not only enlarge the consumer market, but enhance the cultural influence.

##################After revised.#######################

Art, as a not popular domain, which is always a way to entertain for the minority. From ancient times to the present, only the rich have the opportunities to enjoy and play art. Therefore, there comes a debate about whether the government should support the artist or just the artists support themselves. In my opinion, the government must support artists.

Admittedly, art itself could not create a direct profit for the whole society, so maybe it is a good idea for the government not to support it. As we all know, when someone chooses the art as his major, we generally will be astounded about his choice, just because it is difficult for someone working on art to make a living by himself. If some people want to be engaged in the field of art, they should be prepared for a situation where they can't make money in the future. Only with the greatest passion and interest in art or enough support from externality for them, can they devoted to the art. Consequently, being engaged in art is tremendously arduous, rather than to be artists.

However, artists provide the public a way to relax and entertain, for the welfare of the whole society, the government should indeed support to foster artists. As we have written above, to be an artist needs not only personal efforts but external supports. Someone has to be stubborn and determined enough to face the challenges on the road of learning art in the future. It is obvious that if the government does not provide support to foster young artists, there will be fewer artists gradually, which will be harmful to the public and the national culture.

Furthermore, supporting artists by the government can increase the influence of national culture on other countries. A vivid example is the cultural output of the UK and USA, whose movies, sports games, lifestyles, and other forms of culture are still changing the whole world. With the increasing living standards of common people, the demand for art as a kind of national culture are growingly increased. The consumption related to the art will be improved and the government can make the profit from the selling to make up for the initial investment in the support, more importantly, the country can increase their cultural influence if their artists are famous enough, whose values cannot be measurable.

To put it in a nutshell, for the long term interests, the government should provide the support for the artists. Fostering more young artists can not only enlarge the consumer market but enhance the cultural influence.
