Join a sport team / Attending community activity / Travelling

best ways to make friends.

No attitude.  Choose one from Three.

Train of thought: choose sport team.  community  service not a good way to make friends.

With the rapid growth of people's living stantards, people have tremendous ways to take entertainment activities. And it also becomes more and more convienient to make friends
for students, who have more opportunities to know new people during activities. From my point of view, I prefer that joining a sport team is the best ways to make friends.

There is no doubt that joining a sport team or attending community activities or travelling can all make friends for the students. However, sharing a common interest will make it easier for students to have a great relationship with others. Take my experience as an example, my best friends are mainly coming from our football team at university.
We will have a practice every wednesday afternoon, play a race every Saturday morning, take a party to celebrate triumph at the weekend.
With this friendship stepping into our daily life, we not only share the same interest, but also provide assistance to improve our academic performance.
Now that we have shared the best happy time of my life with each other, there is a reason to believe that joining a sport team is the best way to make friends for students.

Besides that, students can also have other ways to know new people. For example, attending
community activity is a common way for students to make contributions to the society. However, it will not be the best way to make friends because of the property of service.
In the activity, students have to provide the service to other people, who may be the elder people or the little children. Apprently, it is hardly to connect the relationship with these people who are not in the same age with students.

Sometimes, students will have time to travel around to broaden their horizon and get relaxed. For them, it is also another way to meet different people. In my opinion, taking a trip is still not as good way as joining a sport team. Just think about it, how tiny possibility you could meet a person you want to know and make friends with during just a few days. In most cases, you only live together with these people in the travelling days and will not contact with each other when you finish this travel, let alone you come from difference places. All in all, it will not be the best way to make friends when you have the choice to join a sport team.

To put it in a nutshell, when you have the interest in some sports and the condition to join a sport team, don't hesitate to join them, it will be the best way to make friends, and you will never regret it.

----------------------------------------
字数是够的,但是需要反反正更好.
