Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The best way for a
company to invest its money is to improve the skills of its employees.

Key word:  best
Attitude:  disagree
Structure: 让反反

论据: 1. 提升能力固然重要, 但是
      2. 消费者,市场也重要(运营宣传也要钱)
      3. 公司长期战略(也要投资很多有潜力的项目,研发新产品)


With the increasing competition pressure between consumer markets, companies are growingly focusing on hiring high-quality employees to improve their sales. As the most important resources, talented people are required by most companies and some people hold that a company should invest most of the money on improving the skills of its employees to get better development. However, I don't agree with this statement, there are still many business affairs in which a company should invest substantial money.

There is no doubt that a company should invest its money in improving employees' skills. In modern society, who had talent and incentive talent, to play the greatest potential and the function, who can be in competition to occupy the initiative position, who will truly be the champion, making enterprises remain invincible. Therefore, for the development of a company, obviously it is a necessity of investing money in employees to improve their working ability.

However, there are many ways beneficial for the development of a company which are worth an investment, such as publicizing the products to attract new consumer. How to develop a company, at first a company should have its unique products bought by the consumers. Then use the money from selling goods to manufacture more products and pay to advertise to sell more goods to more consumers. In this process of growth of a company, the skills of employees will not play an important role than pragmatic products. After all, the company has to make money and consumers only care about whether the products are worth buying. Thus, investing more money in the products will be better than improving the skills of employees.

Moreover, more and more companies are spending a large amount of money on the long-term strategy, which will ensure a leading role in the market.
Take the famous technology company, Tencent as an example. At first, Tencent made its fortune from social media software, then based on the advantages
it invested more money in other business domains, such as e-commerce, live stream, financial transaction. Because of the correct strategy and
earlier business layout, Tencent can constantly be competitive and become a very successful company.

To put it in a nutshell, for a company, investing money in improving employees' skills is essential, but not the most important way. However, spending money on advertising to attract more consumers, and having a long-term strategy can also help the company and more useful in some cases.

405
