Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Telephone has more effects on people's lives than television does.

Telephones and TV sets are quite common appliances in modern families and they influence people's lives in different ways. Nowadays, some people claim that the influence of telephones already outweighs which of television, for they feel that they use telephones more frequently. However, I believe this is a popular misunderstanding. Actually, people of different ages will have different answers to the same question. Young people rely on telephones much more than on TV, yet aged people are more likely to be influenced by TV programs than by phone calls.

Most young people cannot live without phones, but they will not feel the same about television. Young people are either students at school or employees in companies, so they will need to keep in touch with their classmates, teachers, colleagues and bosses. Missing an important phone call or text message might be unacceptable to young people, for they may miss a test or even lose a job because of that. Telephones are also indispensable tools for young people to contact friends and to make engagements. However, most young people do not watch TV frequently. The two main purposes for people to watch TV are to acquire information and to entertain, and it is quite obvious that young people have many other better options. They usually turn to the internet for help if they want to learn about something, for information from that source is usually much more specific and professional. Also, they do not consider watching TV a good way of relaxation, for they would prefer going shopping or playing sports. Young people's life relies very much on their phones, yet television never plays a necessary or even important part.

For aged people, making phone calls is no longer a daily activity, but watching TV happens almost every day. Aged people no longer work, nor do they go to schools. So there is no need for them to keep in touch with many frequently. The only people they want to contact with are their family members, who come back home at regular hours, and aged people would prefer to have face-to-face communication rather than make phone calls, for they sometimes cannot even hear clearly on the phone. On the contrary, television seems to be the best friend and companion to most aged people, for it helps them keep up with changes and kill the 'too much leisure time'. Most elderly do not surf the internet or read newspaper much, so TV programs might be the only source from which they can know what is happening around the globe. Since they have a whole day to spend at home alone if their children are working in companies or studying at school, watching their favorite TV programs serves as the time-killing activity with which they will not feel lonely and bored. For aged people, a wonderful gift would be a TV set but not a new cell phone.
