Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People today spend too much
time on personal enjoyment—doing things they like to do rather than doing things they should do.

Attitude: agree
Structure: 让反反  尽管有些是必须的 但更多的是  for fun, 兴趣所在 无可厚非 （个人原因）
因为自制力的问题，还有 资源太丰富，或许信息太容易，（社会舆论引导） 娱乐生活更加丰富导致的（科技进步）， 所以综上所述，花费了更多时间在  compulsory education 对于要升学的和有志向的人 没时间
老年人享受生活--positive life attitude

In the contemporary world, rapidly changing lifestyles cater to a desire for entertainment and recreation. With the emergence of advanced-edged devices, entertainment are becoming available and accessible for common people.

这里不急于输出观点或是结论（即花更多的时间在娱乐上） 而是说娱乐确实触手可及，这种现象不好，但是你不得不认同这样一种观点。
Admittedly, there are still a huge amount of people who still spend much of time doing things they should do to pursue their goal or realize their dream. Though it is more easier to get access to entertainment and recreation, some people with strong sense of self-discipline and great ambition will make more strict demand on themselves, they will spend more time on investing themselves by reading useful books and learning competitive skills. For the students in high schools, there always be part of them who strive for a better college devote themselves to the entrance exam. For the ambitious doctors in top hospitals, they are dedicated to the patiens and the sacred job by constantly absorbing all kinds of knowledge in the professional field and passing numerous exams in order to serve the society. For the white collars, some of them still stay up late to finish their tasks for a better life and career.

However, with easy access to entertainment by just moving your fingers on the smart phones, despite the reluctance, I have to admit that a growing number of people today spend too much time on their enjoyment rather than doing things they should do. The general trend is that accessing entertainment for common people is becoming increasingly easier. Thanks to the advanced technology which contributes
to various convenient devices, talented people can make live streams which attract
lots of people to watch and everyone one can deliver short interesting videos on the Internet to share their lives. These things give impetus to the development of entertainment industry which takes up most of people's time.

Furthermore, with the improvement of living standards, the transformation of thoughts are changing. More and more people are living a rich life, who need not be concerned about the substances. On the contrary, they are paying more attention on spiritual enjoyment. Thus, you can see lots of retired elderly people travel around the world to enjoy lifes which they missed in the past. Besides that,
a large number of workers under great pressure are willing to spend their spare time on relaxing themselves.

不可否认  有许多人 在放弃娱乐的时间， 可以用排比举例子， 学生--学业，医生--救人，打工人-- 赚钱 花费很多时间完成自己的目标， 对于他们来说，他们正在做着自己必须要做的事。

转折，大趋势却是  娱乐更加容易， 科技发展， 直播兴起， VR 游戏， 各式各样的娱乐活动层出不穷， 商家搞活动宣传。

同时，生活的富足生活水平的提高也提供了这样的物质基础， 人们观念的转变 同时 工作压力大需要放松， 同时老年人有钱有闲 就带动了这样的浪潮。

生活在这样的时代 是幸运 是富足  但也应该好好珍惜， 利用好自己的时间。才是正确的选择。
To put it in a nutshell, we lucky enough to enjoy the convenience brought by the rapid development of technology.
People should usilize their time carefully, cheish the precious time rathen tahn just wasting it.


Template:

Thanks to modern technology, our life today becomes seemingly much more enjoyable than in the past. Entertainment has become so available and accessible to everyone with such variety and choices. But this phenomenon is not always a blessing. The easy access to amusement sometimes makes people tend to do things they enjoy doing instead of doing things they are supposed to do.

Nowadays, people consume large quantities of interesting yet useless information due to the
convenience of the internet. The internet is probably the most significant invention in the 20th
century, and it enables anything newly happened anywhere to spread instantly. However, the easy
access to information has created problems: many students are so obsessed with social networking
sites that they cannot even go through a whole night's sleep without checking and replying the
comments; employees are fascinated with different video clips that they watch them during office
hours. Although they all know quite well that some information is just meaningless, they still
cannot resist the temptation of a click.
The frequent use of portable digital devices is another important reason that people waste their
time. In subway or a bus or a taxi, we can see people everywhere playing video games, watching
some shows or busy texting. It is obvious that they are killing time, but they might have failed to
realize that this time can be used more productively and meaningfully. To reflect a little or to study
something interesting during those hours could bring benefits beyond measure. The more means
of entertainment people have, the more they complain that they do not have enough time. That is
probably why many students lock their PSPs before important exams.

Finally, the broader views that people have today also tempt them to find more excuses to relax and rest. In the past, people only celebrated their own traditional festivals, but today, they tend to celebrate every festival available around the world. 50 years ago, people in my country did not even know about Christmas or Thanksgiving, but now it is considered out of date or old fashioned
not to join the big frenzy surrounding such as western holidays. With more excuses to play and party, people convince themselves to delay their work or study more frequently.

People today are lucky enough to experience and enjoy the rapid development of everything, but they also need to grow wiser to make good use of the new changes as well as their own time.
