Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Life today is easier and more
comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

Attitude: YES
Structure: 让反反
Arguments:  过去生活更单纯，竞争压力小。

现在物质条件极大丰富， 得到营养更充分， 饮食结构更合理  预期寿命更高。
同时因为人们欲望提高导致 满意度下降 实际上 生活更容易。

With the increasing life standard of human beings, common people do not need to worry about the issue of survival and can access to more nutrient vegetables and fruits from around the world. Thus, some people holds that life today is easier and more comfortable than it was decades years ago. In my opnion, I cannot agree that more. From my own experience, my mom always says to me that you have a more wonderful life than before, encouraging me to cherish this hard-earned life.

When my grandparents were children, about half of a century ago, people only had one goal that was surviving. At that time, everything is at its beginning. The important thing for not only the whole country but the individual was improving more quantity of food supply so that everyone can obtain the fundamental energy resources. People would be easily satisfied about the substances which was rare just at that moment, as long as they could have a enough meal to fill. However, circumstances change with the passage of time, people who have more desires and want to pursue a better life are growingly not satisfied with their life. Thus, Life for them will not be easier than decades years ago, frankly they live an unhappy life.

Substantial substances today actually fulfill more people's life than ever before.
Fifty years ago, people could not get access to enough vegetables and fruits in the diet which is easily accessible for us now, let alone other aspects of life, such as all kinds of entertainment, big houses and various clothing which are very common right now. From this point of view, not only people are more easier fed and fostered but can have more ways to relax and enjoy different styles of cultral activities.

Besides the basic living conditions, the convenience of life resulted from the development of science and technology brings us an infinite possibilities.
Thanks to the continiously advanced technology which is hugely changing the whole life patterns of people. For example, the mobile phones which are now necessary for everyone facilitate our daily life greatly. Only with a phone, we can purchase anything
we want from any places just moving your fingers on the screens, we can get rid of the cash when buying things at stores and tranfering money to strangers, we can enjoy large amount of musics and movies and watch various live streams from other places to spend our spare time. I'm afraid that no one would imagine this brilliant and unbelievable scenes several years ago. Could not you say life is easier now than before?

To sum up, from my perspective, life now is indeed easier than it was when my grandparents were children. As long as we stop the busyness and enjoy what the life bring to you, you will be thankful for the convenience of life now.

478 words
