Do agree or disagree with the following statement?
The most important aspect of a job is the money a person earns.

The cost and pressure of life people facing are gradually increased by the growing development of economy. More and more people are seeking for the job which can provide the tempting salary to cover their expense. Therefore, some people argue that the most important aspect of a job is the salary. From my perspective, I totally disagree this statement.

Admitted, the money a person earns is an important part of job. Generally speaking, the more salary a person earns, the more crucial status and role a person are considered as. With enough money, people don't need to worry about too many things which disturb and distract them in their life, such as the beautiful clothes, the large house, educating and medical expense. There is no doubt that salary plays an significant role in our lifes.

However, the environment and relationship with colleagues a job can provide are more important than salary for people in some instances. With the mounting of living conditions, the salary is not the priority for young people which will consider more the surroundings of a job, such as whether the place is convenient to the recreation facility, the fellow workers they work together are genial or not. For them, the comfortable environment and cosy atmosphere these criteria are deemed essential.

Furthermore, the significance and promotion space endowed by the job are also more crucial than the salary for the ambitious people. Try to think this circumstance, a person who earns enough money and don't need to worry about the daily expenses will be concerned more about if he or she can obtain more achievement and promotion in their job. These people never lose their aspire for a better purpue, which should be considered as a more important aspect of a job.

Therefore, I disagree the statement saying the most important aspect of a job is the salary. The surroundings the job offers and the promotion the job endows are incomparable to the salary.


327 10.15-11.06
