Q: Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The government
should spend more money on improving young children’s education than on improving university education.

Attitude: disagree

Structure: 让反反 年轻人重要,但更要减负, 而大学教育提供更多资金进行科研, 提供更多奖学金

Arguments:

For the young children
For the university education


With the increasing living standard of common people, more and more attention is attracted to the education of young children. And there are growing voices support that the government should spend more money on improving young children's education. In my opinion, compared with young children's education, conversely, the goverment should spend more money on improving university education.

Admittedly, not only people with long-term perspectives are focusing more on the education of their young children than ever before, but also the government realize young children represent the future of the whole country and is pleased to spend more money to foster them. Young children are still in a stage where they need to be supervised by the teachers and parents because of their lack of self-discipline. If they don't get the correct guildance and quality education, they will easily fall into a wrong path. You can see that although the government provide compulsory education for all the children, there still are lots of children dropping out in the remote villages anyway. In this way, the government still need provide more money for the poor areas.

There is no doubt that the government should spend more on the children education, however, compared with university education, only the government has the ability to provide help for it. As we mentioned before, the government in fact only need to spend money on these poor children who live in distant places, because most children living in the cities can obtain the supervision and better education provided by their parents with relatively large mounts of fortune. On the contrary, the government with absolute power is the only finantial sources for the university. If we want to imporve the national quality, we have to provide more money for the university to cultivate more college students. Therefore, the government should spend more money on university education.

Furthermore, the university not only take the responsibility of teaching students, also have to undertake major scientific research projects which need numerous money. Commonly, the young children's education mainly need more concern and guildance from their parents and teachers rather than the government, meanwhile the expense of money on young children's education is not much compared to university education. As we all know, universities with more money can hire more excellent professors, then can develop more leading students. After decades, it will form a virtuous circle in the universities which can offer assistance and give back to the whole country. Thus the government need provide more money for the university education.


Words: 419
