Which one of the following do you think contributes the most to an enjoyable
vacation? Good friends/Good location/Good food

Type:  Three choose one.
Structure: ABC.
Key point: Enjoyable vacation. food can be found everywhere, location is static can't provide more emotional things, friends are the most important element/factor.

With the incresing living standards of common people, more and more attention has been paid to tourism. Not only the office worker under pressure, but the older with lots of money and time want to have a vacation to enjoy life. However, which kind of factor contributes to an enjoyable vacation is worth considering. In my opinion, good friends rather than location or food will make a difference to an enjoyable vacation.

Firstly, food, as a part of culture in tourist attractions, must be main consideration when people choose a place to have a vacation. As we know, there are eight main styles of cooking, which is distributed among different regions in China. If we want to try some special cuisines in a place, for example, hotpot is well-known worldwide and we can choose Chongqing as our destination;  Beijing roast duck is also full of praise and we can set Beijing as our ideal place. Food, which linked with special tourist spots, undoubtedly can contribute to a favorite vacation for those people who want to try some distinctive food.

Besides the delicious food needed during a vacation, location must be an important factor when people want to enjoy a trip. People who enjoy the steep sceneries can choose Huashan
mountain as their priority, who enjoy the tranquil landscape can travel to the West Lake which will be amazing to them, who enjoy the variable scenes can go to the northeast of China to enjoy the uniqueness of that place. If the nature of tourist spots exactly cater
to the demands of some people, they must be satisfied with the locations. For those who want to enjoy the special dishes can call for deliveries to meet their demands. Therefore,
it is also clear that location can contribute more than food to an enjoyable vacation.

However, rather than food and location, who are your companion, your friends, is the most important element during an enjoyable vacation. Most people is likely to have an vacation with their intimate friends not only for the satefy, but the demand to have a way to pour out their trouble. Vacation must be an excellent opportunity to enhance romantic relationships or friendship for people and get rid of terrible thoughts for those stressed people. How to realize an enjoyable vacation, your friends must play a greatest role rather than the food which you can enjoy everywhere because of advanced lifestyle and the location where you can't feel pleasure from the bottom of your heart without intimate companions.

In conclusion, good friends can provide supporting and understanding to make you an enjoyable vacation rather than the emotionless food or location, even if the food is delicious and the location is stunning.


453 words.
