Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? In order to succeed, people should be more like others than be different from others.

With the development of technology and the transformation of society conception,
there are progressively increasing people pursuing the success on their career and realizing their social value. Thus, heated debates about how to achieve the success are exploding among a great number of people. Some people think that trying to imitate the behaviors of successful people can helpful to get access to success. Nevertheless, as far as I am concerned,
I disagree with ...
being different from others will have more possibilities to achieve success.

Admittedly, being more like others can give us the specific way to succeed. It is undeniable that imitating the behaviors of successful people will lead to a rather easy and accessible way to realize the success in people's business or career. There are a enormous amount of examples in the development of business to illustrate this perspective. For example, when the third industrial revolution was coming which brought about the tremendous progress of productivity, many people choosed to select the computer science as their major. And when they graduated from the university, they obtained many excellent offers which provided a great deal of pay. After several years, they have already realized their success in career while those people who do not want to similar with others choosed a different major and right now do not obtain the corresponding success compared with those coders who took advantage of the progress of society.

However, trying to be different can contribute more to success when the develop of business is sufficient. When it comes to a specific electronic products, there will not be companies who are willing to invest money to imitate some successful products because the transfer cost to a this new products is so high that no customers would like to pay for it. That is to say, the customers will not pay for extra money when a new product is similar to the original one unless there are lots of brand new features added to the products which provide a large range of convenience for users and are easier to manipulate than before. Therefore, the trying to making a different thing will be likely to realize success.

Moreover, being different from others can provide common people more opportunities to access success. Try to think of the experience of everyone's growth, the students who can obtain great scores must invest a vast deal of time and energy on their study. Just because they are more committed to their homework and sacrifice their leisure time, then they realize the initial success on their student stage. After stepping into the society, as common adults, those who achieve success in their daily work must be involved with tremendously arduous and hard efforts. Only being different from others, they can shine their way in their career.


To put it into a nutshell, although being like with others will provide opportunity when there are sufficient chances for people, as common people, being different, such as being more diligent than others, will have more possibilities to achieve success.
