(Intro + Thesis)
When we browse the education reports of the major media, especially in the graduation period, an employment rate ranking may arise that is referred to as talent market competition. Career plan among topics of the modern education is a major concern of society. Taking into account
the need of employmenty, some people propose that schools should only teach subjects that will be crucial for students' future careers or jobs. Nevertheless, I reject this notion and instead believe that schools should cultivate students a wide range of subjects.

The first reason is that through learning a great variety of subjects, students can achieve a general knowledge of comprehensive fields of study.确定主旨
People should be well aware of the world, which they tend to be knowledgeable by studying a alrge number of disciplines. 解释过渡
As far as I am concerned, although I am not fascinated with every school subject I enroll, I recognize their significance. I tend to never major in natural science, but I still consider it is essential for me to learn chemistry, biology, and physics. Through studying these subjects, I can fulfill my potential to understand the constitution of the world and the operation principle of the nature.
Indeed, this information may not be satisfied to utilize for any future job, but it is critical to my development as a well-educated person.

Additionally, we must keep in mind that changing careers would be incredibly difficult if people employed little or no knowledge in interdiscipline.
Without the fundamental knowledge, people would find it is virtually impossible to quit one career readily and adapt to another immediately.

总结： 一个优秀的句子 可以分为， 状语从句引导介绍背景， 然后插入修饰成分 比如 especially ..., 提出具体语境， 再加入主谓宾结构、特殊情况下可以使用被动但不要滥用。
想起来，可以利用举例进行排比 (For example, 1 is ..., which can help.... 2 is ..., which can help, ...)  句型可以替换，比如用动词不定式或者现在分词作定语状语，句式丰富，但是要论证有力。
让步可以强调观点。


This paper is to introduce the conception, basic constitution and working flow of laboratory automatic systems, and the domestic and world developments of the laboratory pipelining systems.
