The reading and listening are talking about the way to address the decline of Torreya. The reading holds three ways to protect this tree from distinction while the professor claims that none of these three ways will be the satisfactory solution, which rebuts the arguments used to support the reading.

To begin with, the author says that to reestablish Torreya in the same location where it thrived will help them survive because this species used to be found in abundance in north of Florida. Nevertheless, the professor makes the point that the place the reading mentioned is not as wet as it says, on the contrary, with  human activity, the water has been drained from this place. To make it worse, the climate change cause very little rain here, resulting in a drier place than ever before. This perspective differs from what is maintained in the article.

Moreover, the reading passage states that people can move Torreya to an entirely different location whereas the speaker view this issue in a completely different angle. In accordance with the speaker, another tree, black locus tree, used this method, causing a big problem. Because this species spreaded quickly in new environment, which took up a lots of resources, causing other species in danger already to extinct.

Finally, the article insists that to preserve Toeerya in research centers can help them return to a suited environment. However, the listening challenges this idea by saying that there will not be enough quantity of Toeerya in research centers. In this way, the lack of sufficient gene diversity will make the tree easily infected by diseases caused by insects or other things. Thus, for long-term interest, this method will not be useful one.

To sum up, the lecturer illustrates his disagreement with the general idea of the article by demonstrating the evidence mentioned above.

307

总结一下需要注意的点，默认三个点是一定可以听全的，
事实上，没有听全依然可以做，只要记住最重要的点（原因，结果，重要的动词）即可，

首先 不要打错字，低级错误要避免，第一段不要浪费时间。

然后在阅读的时候 可以适当标注一下 阅读中要改写的句子以节省时间，（topic sentence 一定要有，原因可以记个大概，因为只是为了提醒你听力可能反驳的点，写的时候快速在屏幕上找到就行。）

适当使用长句子建立逻辑关系可以提升文采。

最后的总结可有可无。
