Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
It's more important to keep your old friends than it is to make new friends.


There is an old saying in China--People rely on the parents when they are at home, while the friends when they are outside, which shows the importance of keeping friends. Generally, old friends know each other better, who can be the supports when we are in need. Thus, some people hold that keep old friends is more important to make new friends. However, in my opinion, I disagree this statement.

On the one hand, it's no denying that keeping old friends is essential. Old friends accompany us for a long time when we are in schools, who will comfort us when we didn't achieve good performance in our grades, who will encourage us when we have to make a challenging presentation, who will play with us when we have a pleasant vacation. We shared the precious time and experience together which would always be carved in our hearts. Therefore, keeping old friends are crucial to us during our whole life.

On the other hand, the development of technology and transportation makes people spend less and less costs on knowing new surrounding people as their friends, which also show the great importance in our life. When we step into the society, we have to face to too many people in our daily life, if we can make these new people as friends which will definitely offer great support to us when we are in need. Besides that, making new friends will obviously expand our views in every aspect of life and help us get out of our comfort zone. For example, when I was a sophomore student, I took part in the sports association which open a new world for me. Because different people are good at various skills which astonished me greatly at that time, then I made these new friends which taught me more different and challenging techniques and encouraged me to have a try, which really showed a strong impact on the rest of my life. Consequently, I totally support that making new friends is significant as well.

Maybe every people will get acquainted with people in their different stages of life, but I'm sure they will have a great influence to them whether they are old friends or new friends. Because keeping old friends and making new friends are both important in people's life.


388  21.10-21.57
